{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red189\green193\blue198;\red32\green33\blue36;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs40\lang16393 MODULE: 1 (HTML)\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\widctlpar\fi-360\li786\sa160\sl252\slmult1\fs36 Are the HTML tags and elements the same thing?\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b0\fs24\lang1033 Answer:-\par
\tab\tab\cf1\b\f1\fs22\lang16393 HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element\b0 .\cf2\highlight3\par
\cf0\highlight0\f0\fs24\lang1033\tab\cf1\f1\fs22\lang16393 HTML element holds the content. HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristic of an HTML element in detail. Whatever written within a HTML tag are HTML elements.\cf4\highlight3\par
\par
\cf0\highlight0\b\f0\fs40 2.What are tags and attributes in HTML?\par
\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\tab\tab\cf1\f1\fs22 HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element.\~HTML element holds the content.HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristic of an HTML element in detail. HTML tag starts with < and ends with > Whatever written within a HTML tag are HTML elements\cf2 .\par
\cf0\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b\f0\fs40 3.What are void elements in HTML?\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\tab\tab\cf1\f1\fs22 A void element is\~an element whose content model never allows it to have contents under any circumstances. Void elements can have attributes. The following is a complete list of the void elements in HTML : area , base , br , col , command , embed , hr , img , input , keygen , link , meta , param , source , track , wbr.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\b\f0\fs40 4.What are HTML Entities?\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\tab\tab\cf1\f1\fs22 An HTML entity is\~a piece of text ("string") that begins with an ampersand ( & ) and ends with a semicolon ( ; )\~. Entities are frequently used to display reserved characters (which would otherwise be interpreted as HTML code), and invisible characters (like non-breaking spaces).\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\b\f0\fs40 5.What are different types of lists in HTML?  What is the \lquote class\rquote  attribute in HTML?\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\tab\cf1\f1\fs22 There are three list types in HTML:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f1 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\widctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1 unordered list \emdash  used to group a set of related items in no particular order.\par
{\pntext\f1 2.\tab}ordered list \emdash  used to group a set of related items in a specific order.\par
{\pntext\f1 3.\tab} description list \emdash  used to display name/value pairs such as terms and definitions.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs32\par
\b\fs40 6.What is the difference between the \lquote id\rquote  attribute and the \lquote class\rquote  attribute of HTML elements?\par
\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\tab\cf1\f1\fs22 Difference between id and class attribute: The only difference between them is that\~\ldblquote id\rdblquote  is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while \ldblquote class\rdblquote  selector can apply to multiple elements.\f0\fs32\tab\cf0\tab\b\fs40\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 7.What are the various formatting tags in HTML?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\tab\tab\b\f1\fs24 HTML Formatting Elements.\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa60 <b> - Bold text.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<strong> - Important text.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<i> - Italic text.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<em> - Emphasized text.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<mark> - Marked text.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<small> - Smaller text.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<del> - Deleted text.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<ins> - Inserted text.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa60\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\sa60\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\b\f0\fs40 8.How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\tab\tab\f1\fs22 Cellpadding basically defines the space present between a table cell's border and the content present in it. Cellspacing basically defines the space present between individual adjacent cells.\f0\fs32\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\b\fs40\par
9.\b0\fs22  \b\fs40 How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an HTML table?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\tab\cf1\b0\f1\fs22 To merge cells in HTML,\~\b use the colspan and rowspan attribute\b0 . The rowspan attribute is for the number of rows a cell should span, whereas the colspan attribute is for a number of columns a cell should span. Both the attribute will be inside the <td> tag.\cf0\b\f0\fs40\par
\par
10.\b0\fs22  \b\fs40 What is the difference between a block-level element and an inline element?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\tab\cf1\b0\f1\fs22 By default,\~inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow.\~Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur\~(although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS).\par
\par
\cf0\b\f0\fs40 11.How to create a Hyperlink in HTML?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\tab\f1\fs22 To make a hyperlink in an HTML page,\~\b use the <a> and </a> tags\b0 , which are the tags used to define the links. The \b <a>\b0  tag indicates where the hyperlink starts and the \b </a>\b0  tag indicates where it ends. Whatever text gets added inside these tags, will work as a hyperlink. Add the URL for the link in the \b <a href=\rdblquote  \rdblquote >.\par
\par
\cf0\f0\fs40 12.\b0\fs22  \b\fs40 What is the use of an iframe tag?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\cf1\b0\f1\fs22 The <iframe> tag\~specifies an inline frame. An inline frame is used to embed another document within the current HTML document.\par
\par
\cf0\b\f0\fs40 13.\b0\fs22  \b\fs40 What is the use of a span tag? Explain with example?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\cf1\b0\f1\fs22 The <span> tag is an inline container used\~to mark up a part of a text, or a part of a document. The <span> tag is easily styled by CSS or manipulated with JavaScript using the class or id attribute. The <span> tag is much like the <div> element, but <div> is a block-level element and <span> is an inline element.\par
\par
\cf0\b\f0\fs40 14.\b0  \b How to insert a picture into a background image of a web page?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\cf1\b0\f1\fs22 The most common & simple way to add background image is\~\b using the background image attribute inside the <body> tag\b0 . The background attribute which we specified in the <body> tag is not supported in HTML5. Using CSS properties,\cf0\b\f0\fs40\par
\par
15.How are active links different from normal links?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\cf1\b0\f1\fs22 Some browsers recognize an active link when the mouse cursor is placed over that link; others recognize active links when the link has the focus.\~\b Those that don't have a mouse cursor over that link is considered a normal link\b0 . Some browser recognize active links when the mouse cursor is placed over that link.\cf0\b\f0\fs40\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b0\fs32\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b\fs40 16. What are the different tags to separate sections of text?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\b\fs40\tab\f1\fs24 There are three tags that can be used to separate the texts:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa60 <br> tag \endash  Usually <br> tag is used to separate the line of text. It breaks the current line and conveys the flow to the next line.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<p> tag \endash  This contains the text in the form of a new paragraph.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}<blockquote> tag \endash  It is used to define a large quoted section.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\b\f0\fs40 17. What is SVG?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\cf1\b0\f1\fs21 SVG stands\~\b\i for Scalable Vector Graphics\b0\i0\~\'b7 SVG is used to define vector-based graphics for the Web \'b7 SVG defines the graphics in XML format.\cf0\b\f0\fs40\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b0\fs32\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b\fs40 18. What is difference between HTML and XHTML?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\cf1\f1\fs22 HTML is the standard markup language for creating web pages,\par
 while XHTML is a stricter and more standardized version of HTML\b0 . \par
Both HTML and XHTML include a wide range of features, such as support for multimedia, styling, and scripting.\cf0\b\f0\fs40\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf1\b0\f1\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\b\f0\fs40 19. What are logical and physical tags in HTML?\par
\cf1\b0\fs32 Answer:-\par
\cf0\b\fs40\tab\cf1\b0\f1\fs22 Logical tags describe the behaviour, nature of content for the text enclosed inside the tag. They represent the function of text on the page. Physical tags are used to decide the appearance of the text and do not provide any information about the text.\cf0\b\f0\fs40\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\f2\fs22\lang9\par
}
 